 Q1: What is a commit?
  Commit is when  you save the changes and gets upload to github
  Q2: What is the difference between push and pull?
    A push takes all commits form the clone to the github. A pull takes commits from github and saves to your vscode
  Q3: Why use a branch instead of editing main directly? 
  We create new code and new feature , we create a separate branch

Q1: Why use a virtual environment instead of system Python?
Always use a virtual environment for python as many of the the system libraries can be corrupt if system python goes bad.
Q2: What does the Python extension add to VS Code?
The python extension add python coding language to vscode. It also supports autocomplete and IntelliSense
along with detecting virtual environments in the workplace folder too.
Q3: What command shows your Python version?
Use py -3 --version for windows to check your python version.

Q1: What does argparse add compared to sys.argv?
The argparse adds positional and optional arguments that can help define those required inputs
and optional parameters. It also supports -v and --verbose as well as te --help generating a flag automatically.
Q2: When would you use a subcommand?
You would use it to create sub-commands like git, git push.
Q3: What does action='store_true' do?
This action is a python boolean to store the value true is there is an option to it.

What does Counter count automatically?
The counter counts how many number of times a hashable object appears.
How is defaultdict different from dict?
A defaultdict helps generates default values with having a KeyError and stopping your code.
Why normalize words to lowercase?
We normalize words to lowercase letters as it helps standardizes words that are similar,
like Python, and python the same regardless if it is capital or lower case letters rather than separate words.

Q1:Why use with open instead of open alone?
Add with to open it can help close your file with have to tell it.
Q2:What does redirect_stdout do?
This tool which the Context manger that temporality redirects to file or file like objects
which adds flexibility to the functions or class that are hardwired to stdout.
Q3:When is a context manager useful?
Now the context manger can be useful module priding utilities for task that use with statements.

Q1: What does lru_cache save?
The lru_cache saves the result of the function so you do not have to keep executing the same function again.
Q2: What problem does wraps solve?
The problem that wraps solve as it helps update the wrapper function tp look like the wrapper function's attributes 
Q3: When is partial better than a lambda?
Partial is better than lambda when you want to fix arguments in existing function.